Updates Build Instructions to Adjust for Devcontainer Instructions and Remove Stale Infomation (#1179)
rapidsai/cuspatial: docs/source/developer_guide/development_environment.md

# Creating a Development Environment

> cuspatial recommends using [devcontainers](https://containers.dev/) to setup development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cuSpatial recommends using [Dev Containers](https://containers.dev/) to setup the development environment.
```

> Install `devcontainers` extension in vscode, and open this repo in vscode. When promted to open the repo
> in devcontainer, click proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Dev Containers:
- Install `devcontainers` extension in VS Code
- Open the cuSpatial repo in VS Code 
- As VS Code opens cuSpatial it will prompt to open the repo in the Dev Container
- Click proceed within the Dev Container prompt
```

Reviewer 2: There are other options available for doing this, such as the CLI using the script provided. Please refer readers to the readme in the devcontainer folder.

Author: Left a link to devcontainer read me.

## From Bare Metal

> RAPIDS keeps a single source of truth for library dependencies in `dependencies.yaml`. This file divides

Reviewer 2: Are there centralized RAPIDS docs for this? If so, link to them.

Author: Yes, https://github.com/rapidsai/dependency-file-generator is the centralized doc.

the dependencies into several dimensions: building, testing, documentations, notebooks etc. As a developer,
you generally want to generate an environment recipe that includes everything that the library *may* use.

To do so, install the rapids-dependency-file-generator via pip:
```shell

> pip install rapids-dependency-file-generator

Reviewer 2: Is pip the preferred method here?

Author: I believe so. 
https://github.com/rapidsai/dependency-file-generator#installation

```

And run under the repo root:
```shell
rapids-dependency-file-generator --clean
```

> The generated environment recipe is now under `conda/environments`. To continue the next step of building,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment recipe is generated within the `conda/environments` directory. To continue the next step of building,
```
